docs: update installation instuctions (#4025)
snakemake/snakemake: docs/getting_started/installation.rst

.. _PyPi: https://pypi.org/project/snakemake/
.. _Pixi: https://pixi.sh
.. _Micromamba: https://prefix.dev/docs/mamba
.. _WSL: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install

.. _getting_started-installation:

.. toctree::
   :hidden:
   :maxdepth: 1

   migration

============
Installation
============

Snakemake is available through :ref:`pixi<pixi-install>`, :ref:`conda<conda-install>`, or :ref:`pip<pip-install>`.
Alternatively, you can also build it from source.

These instructions set out how to obtain and install the software on Linux.
It is assumed that you have:

- access to the Bash or Zsh shell on a fairly modern Linux or macOS system
- sufficient disk space (~1GB) to store the software

You do **not** need root/administrator access.

.. note::
    Snakemake is intended to be run on Linux operating systems.

>     If you want to run Snakemake on Windows, we recommend using the Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL_), and then following the instructions for Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Snakemake is primarily intended to be run on Linux/BSD/MacOS. While it in principle will also work on Windows, your experience might be better when using the Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL_) there.
```
